Automatic Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) Tool Manual
Introduction
The Automatic Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) Tool is a Python module designed to streamline the process of performing EDA on a dataset. The module includes a graphical user interface (GUI) that allows users to select various EDA tasks and display the results in a user-friendly format.

Installation
To use the Automatic EDA Tool, you will need to have Python 3 installed on your machine. You can download Python from the official website: https://www.python.org/downloads/.

In addition to Python, you will also need to install the following libraries:

tkinter
pandas
numpy
scipy
You can install these libraries using the pip package manager. Open a command prompt or terminal window and run the following command:

Copy code
pip install tkinter pandas numpy scipy
Once you have installed the necessary libraries, you can download the Automatic EDA Tool module and GUI Python script from the following GitHub repository: https://github.com/example/automatic-eda-tool

User Interface
The Automatic EDA Tool includes a GUI that allows users to select various EDA tasks and display the results in a user-friendly format. The GUI includes the following components:

Select data file: Use the "Browse..." button to select the CSV file containing your data.
Select EDA tasks to perform: Check the boxes next to the EDA tasks you would like to perform. The available tasks are:
Calculate summary statistics: Calculates summary statistics for each column in the data (mean, standard deviation, quartiles, etc.).
Calculate correlation coefficients: Calculates the correlation coefficients between each pair of columns in the data.
Create distribution plots: Creates a distribution plot (either a histogram or a bar chart) for each column in the data.
Detect outliers: Identifies any data points that are significantly different from the rest of the data.
Run EDA analysis: Click this button to run the selected EDA tasks on the data file.
Status label: Displays the results of the selected EDA tasks.
Usage
To use the Automatic EDA Tool, follow these steps:

Launch the GUI Python script by running the following command:

Copy code
python eda_gui.py
Use the "Browse..." button to select the CSV file containing your data.

Check the boxes next to the EDA tasks you would like to perform.

Click the "Run EDA analysis" button to run the selected EDA tasks on the data file.

The results of the selected EDA tasks will be displayed in the status label. The results will be in JSON format, which can be easily converted to a Python dictionary or loaded into other programs for further analysis.

Limitations
The Automatic EDA Tool is designed to handle relatively small datasets (up to several hundred thousand rows). It may not be suitable for very large datasets or datasets with complex structures (such as nested data or time series data).

In addition, the Automatic EDA Tool is a general-purpose tool and may not be optimized for specific types of data or analysis. For more advanced EDA or analysis tasks, you may need to use specialized tools or libraries.
